Welcome to Cloud Fundamentals,
my name is Kesha Williams.
I'm sure by now you've heard about the Cloud and its awesome benefits.
The Cloud has become a key enabler for
innovation with beneficial features like high availability,
unlimited capacity, and on-demand scalability.
If you're a big organization,
you'll see cost savings when you no longer
have to run and maintain your own internal data center.
Not only will you save money,
but your engineers can now focus on that
which differentiates your business from the competition.
Or maybe you are a software developer with
the next big innovative idea and you need to
quickly stand up your idea and just try it out.
Well, the Cloud will benefit you.
In this course, I will teach you the fundamentals of Cloud computing.
While learning the fundamentals,
you will explore the tools and services offered by Amazon Web Services,
AWS, through interactive hands-on exercises.
We will start with an overview of the Cloud and
its benefits in the Cloud computing section.
Next, servers in the Cloud and the foundational and compute services section.
Then I will teach you about storage and databases in the Cloud,
during the storage and content delivery section.
Then we will discuss how to secure your Cloud applications in the security section.
Then we discuss networking, auto-scaling,
and load balancing in the networking and elasticity section.
Next, I will teach you about messages,
cues, and containers in the messaging and Containers section.
Then we wrap up with services that help you manage
your Cloud environment in the AWS management section.
By the end of this course,
you will have deployed your first application to AWS.